README.md, before:

![Logo](admin/fullcalendar.png)
# ioBroker.fullcalendar

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/fullcalendar-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/fullcalendar-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.fullcalendar.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.fullcalendar)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.fullcalendar.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.fullcalendar)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.fullcalendar.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.fullcalendar/)

Schedules with [fullcalendar](https://fullcalendar.io).

You must not use any external resources, the scheduling is processed only in ioBroker and will be not combined with any external services like "google calender" or "iTunes".

![Example](img/example.png)

You can control your events with calender and can plan to control them periodically.

## Changelog
### 1.0.0 (2019-11-17)
* (bluefox) Support of compact mode added

### 0.2.4 (2017-11-23)
* Translations

### 0.2.3 (2017-11-22)
* (bluefox) Fix interval settings
* (bluefox) Update fullcalendar library

### 0.2.1 (2017-09-25)
* (bluefox) Fixed error

### 0.2.0 (2017-08-06)
* (bluefox) Support of new admin

### 0.1.1 (2017-07-13)
* (bluefox) fix double event by creation

### 0.1.0 (2017-03-20)
* (bluefox) initial commit


## License
CC BY-NC 4.0

Copyright (c) 2017-2019 bluefox <dogafox@gmail.com>

Commit message:

### 1.0.1 (2020-01-12) * (foxriver76) Updated to use with js-controller 2.x

README.md, after:

![Logo](admin/fullcalendar.png)
# ioBroker.fullcalendar

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/fullcalendar-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/fullcalendar-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.fullcalendar.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.fullcalendar)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.fullcalendar.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.fullcalendar)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.fullcalendar.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.fullcalendar/)

Schedules with [fullcalendar](https://fullcalendar.io).

You must not use any external resources, the scheduling is processed only in ioBroker and will be not combined with any external services like "google calender" or "iTunes".

![Example](img/example.png)

You can control your events with calender and can plan to control them periodically.

## Changelog
### 1.0.1 (2020-01-12)
* (foxriver76) Updated to use with js-controller 2.x 

### 1.0.0 (2019-11-17)
* (bluefox) Support of compact mode added

### 0.2.4 (2017-11-23)
* Translations

### 0.2.3 (2017-11-22)
* (bluefox) Fix interval settings
* (bluefox) Update fullcalendar library

### 0.2.1 (2017-09-25)
* (bluefox) Fixed error

### 0.2.0 (2017-08-06)
* (bluefox) Support of new admin

### 0.1.1 (2017-07-13)
* (bluefox) fix double event by creation

### 0.1.0 (2017-03-20)
* (bluefox) initial commit


## License
CC BY-NC 4.0

Copyright (c) 2017-2020 bluefox <dogafox@gmail.com>
